Oh green light like anything to go money
on the table count it real slow mo up
there rose Sam just update cally Jo what
it dooski son do this issue Bob oblong
TV coming straight out of Cincinnati
Ohio so game two of the western
conference finals memphis vs in sunny
san antonio spurs is going down at nine
o'clock tonight now basically we all
know the first game in San Antonio Spurs
they beat the shit out of Memphis
Grizzlies they they they fuck them they
abused them they rape them they did
everything they could to get that nut
until when the game I mean they was
hitting threes crazy made 14
three-pointers they was um just
outrebounded Memphis Grizzlies just
dominating Tony Parker was having fun
with Michael Connelly you know this team
was just clicking on all cylinders and
the crazy part about it is Ginobili and
Duncan didn't even have a great game but
they still managed to get the job done
with with with people coming off the
bench contributed in Tony Parker Kawhi
Leonard you know everybody was just
dishing in so I what I'm expecting in
Game two I expect the Spurs to pretty
much probably do the same thing not what
they asked that bad and they probably
won't hit 14 threes but they're going to
play some solid some great offense
they're gonna play some great defense
and you know mrs. on the other hand I
feel like Memphis they will come out
more aggressive they will be well
prepared because you know this is a
first time in the Western Conference
right so this is fresh for them you know
Zach Randolph would not get no damn two
points I'm pitching he ever
double-double probably good night I
figure Marcus all he probably played
good to Kylie gonna have a great game I
think they need to start Pondexter to
knock down a couple of threes for him
because you know they can shoot threes
but they're not really a three-point
shooting team you know they don't really
take them a lot but Poindexter he can
knock down some threes um I think
overall his team's gonna place a better
defense you know cuz not even looked at
some game footage they know what they
need to do this game will be
ocean him what it was for game one game
one was just embarrassing um but first
they got establish the post presence
with that Randolph and Marc Gasol get
them two boys going first and then once
they get comfortable down there in the
low post they can bring them out hit the
mid range shots get that going they do
that they're be victorious this game
because they're gonna need this game
they can't keep let this can't keep
going down 02 and expecting to win dis
ain't no damn oklahoma city doesn't say
no Clippers this is the San Antonio
Spurs players who have been there they
know what it feels like to be in the
West Counties finals they want to get
back to the final so they're going to do
everything that they can so our all I
think this game will be much better um I
think I may grow with the Spurs with
this game no no you know what I'm going
with Memphis in this game I think
Memphis is going to get this game they
can get this games in the series will be
back into play you know when if they
lose this game I don't know if Memphis
can come back hope we know from King
game I know they're pretty great at home
but like I said this is a different team
this is a different breed and I think
Tim Duncan's going to have a better
night I think he's going to score at
least fried 17 18 points um you know
he's going to make his presence known
down the paint and like I said Tony
Parker is probably gonna playing a great
game it's gonna be a nice little to see
him and Carly against each other I think
you know but you know then today knows
to keep things for any team to win
Memphis gotta establish the low post
game and get everybody going and play
great defense better defense Spurs have
to continue to knock down threes you
know play good defense get all
contributions from everybody and are
they can possibly win this game too
anyway guys you tell me what you think
about this game coming up hit me up on
Twitter hit me up on Facebook to me
things going where I think it's probably
being in mm pray 90s you know not
nothing too outrageous at all depend on
who's knocking down shots I'm and check
back with me let on a recap video and no
once again these are not no fucking
highlights Deuce and remember guys and
girls make sure you click the subscribe
button watch the previous video
unlike the videos